buy marketing skills that are hard to
learn but will pay off forever
in marketing there's a lot of skills
that take a long time to develop but
once you master those skills you not
only will be able to double triple heck
even quadruple your results when it
comes to traffic and even your income as
a marketer if you're working for someone
else or even as a business owner when i
start my career in digital marketing i
knew pretty much only a couple of skills
writing and driving organic traffic from
google at least i was very good at those
two areas which helped me grow my
businesses pretty quickly while relying
on other people to help me on all the
other areas that i was weak at over time
i had a chance to work with people who
are better than me and experts in those
other areas i learned from them
continually improved upon them tested
and that's how i got better even though
it took me a long time and it's
continually paid off the first marketing
skill that's very high in value
copywriting it's one of those skills
that you're always going to use yeah
there's ai tools out there that can
write coffee for you but they're not as
good as a human so you want to get good
at writing whether it's writing paid ads
or email sequences or landing page copy
or sales videos
copy is really important as ogilvy said
80 cents of the dollar is spent on the
headline i've seen skilled copywriters
turn some of my campaigns around
resulting in double even triple the
conversions and boosting my profits
learning copywriting is hard because
you'll need to study and practice a lot
until you're skilled enough to produce
real results but it's definitely worth
it check out any of the books by ogilvy
it'll help you with copywriting the
second skill that pays off forever is
analytical skills i can't emphasize this
enough without getting a great
understanding of the data you generate
in marketing things are not going to
work out for you and trust me
interpreting data in a way that is
actionable and clear and
results-oriented is a very rare skill
everyone looks at google analytics for
personally like oh yeah we should do x y
and z but does really doing x y and z
help improve the conversions the sales
the revenue
just because you think it does it may
not you got to have a good understanding
of the data and how to interpret it and
figure out what action you need to take
to actually get the results that are
desired the third skill that'll generate
a lifetime of returns is storytelling
it's an eight-year-old marketing
technique that's been used for thousands
of years people love stories just look
at you you watch tv you watch netflix
why because they have amazing stories
learn storytelling from the emotions
it's like a roller coaster right good
stories have the ups the downs the scary
moments the happy moments that's how you
hook people in
and try telling stories to your friends
over time just when you're at dinner or
to your wife or your significant other
or your kids that'll make you a better
storyteller and that's how i learn sword
type literally just start talking about
stories and you don't have to make up
stories i'm talking about stuff you did
in the past because you can see
what parts of your story cause people to
engage and react that's the stuff that
you need to emphasize more when you're
storytelling the fourth skill that's
extremely valuable is
funnels so a lot of people don't know
how to create funnels or optimize
funnels
ad costs are continually rising that
means over time you're going to be
spending more money on your ads if you
even look at what happened during covid
google ads skyrocketing cost if you look
at what happened in the recession in
2008 in america google ads still kept
going up
in other words ads costs are rising so
how do you fight that well you got to
have upsells and down cells that's the
purpose of a funnel you can check out
tools like click funnels that help you
build funnels as well but the key is
when someone buys from you
how do you get them to buy more how do
you upsell them down sell them even once
they're a customer how do you get them
to buy from you again three months six
months a year down the road
the fifth valuable skill set that you
want to learn is good ux now i'm not
talking about design i'm talking about
user experience when someone searches on
google and lands on your page what are
they looking for are you giving that to
them if not
you're going to struggle your rankings
are going to drop no matter how many
backlinks you build or how many words
you write in your text
you need to figure out what users want
understand them get into their mind but
not in a creepy way and provide that
it's really hard to do and if you can do
that for all the keywords you want to
rank for for all the people that you're
trying to track you solve the problems
make it clear give them the solution as
quick as possible not just give it to
them but give it to them as quick as
possible and ideally an affordable way
that's how you're going to do better in
marketing in the long run now if you
need help with your marketing or
learning of these any of these skills
check out my ad agency np digital where
we're hiring and if you need help with
your marketing at np digital we do
marketing for companies as well if you
have any questions leave a comment below
i'm here to answer them and help you out